Rework main README intro (#1066)
knausj85/knausj_talon: README.md

# knausj_talon

> Talon configs for Mac, Windows, and Linux. Very much in progress. This is also intended to work with both Dragon Naturally Speaking and wav2letter.

Author: I don't think we need to mention Dragon in the first line

Community-maintained [Talon](https://talonvoice.com/) command grammar.

Notes:
Can be used on its own, but shines when combined with:

- [Cursorless](https://www.cursorless.org/)
- [Rango](https://github.com/david-tejada/rango)
- [Other user file sets](https://talon.wiki/talon_user_file_sets/)

## Prerequisites

- commands are subject to change. We do our best to minimize changes, but we are moving to an [object][verb] standard slowly but surely.

> - @knausj85 makes extensive use of Talon's eye tracking features, so the grammar for certain programs may be much smaller than you may require.

Author: Wasn't sure exactly what this meant; decided to just mention that we support eye tracking but it's not strictly required to have an eyetracker

> - The repository was mostly developed with Dragon, so commands are mostly still optimized for that speech engine.

Author: This is just false nowadays I'd say

# knausj_talon

Community-maintained [Talon](https://talonvoice.com/) command grammar.

Can be used on its own, but shines when combined with:

- [Cursorless](https://www.cursorless.org/) for programming and text editing
- [Rango](https://github.com/david-tejada/rango) for browser navigation
- [Other user file sets](https://talon.wiki/talon_user_file_sets/)

## Installation

### Prerequisites

- [Talon](https://talonvoice.com/)
- Mac, Windows, or Linux

> - Can work with both Talon's own Conformer speech recognition engine or Talon's Dragon Naturally Speaking integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Can work with both Talon's built-in Conformer (wav2letter) speech recognition engine (recommended), or Dragon Naturally Speaking (Windows) / Dragon for Mac (although beware that Dragon for Mac is deprecated).
```

I like to mention wav2letter together with Conformer just because Talon sometimes only mentions wav2letter and that's confusing
